Verzeichnis/Datei			Übersetzer		Stand
=========================================================================
bookinfo.xml				Egon Schmid		fertig
chapters/config.xml			Armin Steiner		fertig
chapters/install.xml			Armin Steiner		fertig
chapters/intro.xml			Michael Kaiser		fertig
chapters/security.xml			Catharina Paulsen	fertig
features/connection-handling.xml	Catharina Paulsen	fertig
features/cookies.xml			Catharina Paulsen	fertig
features/error-handling.xml		Catharina Paulsen	fertig
features/file-upload.xml		Catharina Paulsen	fertig
features/http-auth.xml			Catharina Paulsen	fertig
features/images.xml			Michael Kaiser		fertig
features/persistant-connections.xml	Catharina Paulsen	in Arbeit
functions/adabas.xml			Johann-Peter Hartmann	in Arbeit
functions/apache.xml			Johann-Peter Hartmann	fertig
functions/array.xml			Michael Kaiser		in Arbeit
functions/aspell.xml			Uwe Steinmann		fertig
functions/bc.xml			Uwe Steinmann		fertig
functions/datetime.xml			Thomas Schürmann	in Arbeit
functions/filesystem.xml		Armin Steiner		in Arbeit
functions/imap.xml			Hartmut Holzgraefe	in Arbeit
functions/mail.xml			Uwe Steinmann		fertig
functions/mysql.xml			Uwe Steinmann		fertig
functions/pdf.xml			Uwe Steinmann		fertig
functions/pgsql.xml			Catharina Paulsen	fertig
functions/uodbc.xml			Johann-Peter Hartmann	fertig
language/basic-syntax.xml		Sven Lauer		fertig
language/constants.xml			Sven Lauer		fertig
language/expressions.xml		Sven Lauer		fertig
language/functions.xml			Johann-Peter Hartmann	fertig
language/oop.xml			Johann-Peter Hartmann	fertig
preface.xml				Egon Schmid		fertig	
